p3_collab-compet/README.md, before:

[//]: # (Image References)

[image1]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10624937/42135623-e770e354-7d12-11e8-998d-29fc74429ca2.gif "Trained Agent"
[image2]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10624937/42135622-e55fb586-7d12-11e8-8a54-3c31da15a90a.gif "Soccer"


# Project 3: Collaboration and Competition

### Introduction

For this project, you will work with the [Tennis](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/master/docs/Learning-Environment-Examples.md#tennis) environment.

![Trained Agent][image1]

In this environment, two agents control rackets to bounce a ball over a net. If an agent hits the ball over the net, it receives a reward of +0.1.  If an agent lets a ball hit the ground or hits the ball out of bounds, it receives a reward of -0.01.  Thus, the goal of each agent is to keep the ball in play.

The observation space consists of 8 variables corresponding to the position and velocity of the ball and racket. Each agent receives its own, local observation.  Two continuous actions are available, corresponding to movement toward (or away from) the net, and jumping. 

The task is episodic, and in order to solve the environment, your agents must get an average score of +0.5 (over 100 consecutive episodes, after taking the maximum over both agents). Specifically,

- After each episode, we add up the rewards that each agent received (without discounting), to get a score for each agent. This yields 2 (potentially different) scores. We then take the maximum of these 2 scores.
- This yields a single **score** for each episode.

The environment is considered solved, when the average (over 100 episodes) of those **scores** is at least +0.5.

### Getting Started

1. Download the environment from one of the links below.  You need only select the environment that matches your operating system:
    - Linux: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P3/Tennis/Tennis_Linux.zip)
    - Mac OSX: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P3/Tennis/Tennis.app.zip)
    - Windows (32-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P3/Tennis/Tennis_Windows_x86.zip)
    - Windows (64-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P3/Tennis/Tennis_Windows_x86_64.zip)
    
    (_For Windows users_) Check out [this link](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/827218/how-to-determine-whether-a-computer-is-running-a-32-bit-version-or-64) if you need help with determining if your computer is running a 32-bit version or 64-bit version of the Windows operating system.

    (_For AWS_) If you'd like to train the agent on AWS (and have not [enabled a virtual screen](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/master/docs/Training-on-Amazon-Web-Service.md)), then please use [this link](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P3/Tennis/Tennis_Linux_NoVis.zip) to obtain the "headless" version of the environment.  You will **not** be able to watch the agent without enabling a virtual screen, but you will be able to train the agent.  (_To watch the agent, you should follow the instructions to [enable a virtual screen](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/master/docs/Training-on-Amazon-Web-Service.md), and then download the environment for the **Linux** operating system above._)

2. Place the file in the DRLND GitHub repository, in the `p3_collab-compet/` folder, and unzip (or decompress) the file. 

### Instructions

Follow the instructions in `Tennis.ipynb` to get started with training your own agent!  

### (Optional) Challenge: Soccer Environment

After you have successfully completed the project, you might like to solve the more difficult **Soccer** environment.

![Soccer][image2]

In this environment, the goal is to train a team of agents to play soccer.  

You can read more about this environment in the ML-Agents GitHub [here](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/master/docs/Learning-Environment-Examples.md#soccer-twos).  To solve this harder task, you'll need to download a new Unity environment.  (**Note**: Udacity students should not submit a project with this new environment.)

You need only select the environment that matches your operating system:
- Linux: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P3/Soccer/Soccer_Linux.zip)
- Mac OSX: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P3/Soccer/Soccer.app.zip)
- Windows (32-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P3/Soccer/Soccer_Windows_x86.zip)
- Windows (64-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P3/Soccer/Soccer_Windows_x86_64.zip)

Then, place the file in the `p3_collab-compet/` folder in the DRLND GitHub repository, and unzip (or decompress) the file.  Next, open `Soccer.ipynb` and follow the instructions to learn how to use the Python API to control the agent.

(_For AWS_) If you'd like to train the agents on AWS (and have not [enabled a virtual screen](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/master/docs/Training-on-Amazon-Web-Service.md)), then please use [this link](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P3/Soccer/Soccer_Linux_NoVis.zip) to obtain the "headless" version of the environment.  You will **not** be able to watch the agents without enabling a virtual screen, but you will be able to train the agents.  (_To watch the agents, you should follow the instructions to [enable a virtual screen](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/master/docs/Training-on-Amazon-Web-Service.md), and then download the environment for the **Linux** operating system above._)

Commit message:

409 multi agent project (#2)
* Environment solved.  2.385 average reward over 100 episodes

* added environment.yml for easy re-creation of environment with conda

* added report including charts of rewards for the final training run

p3_collab-compet/README.md, after:

[//]: # (Image References)

[image1]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10624937/42135623-e770e354-7d12-11e8-998d-29fc74429ca2.gif "Trained Agent"


# Project 3: Collaboration and Competition

### Introduction

For this project, you will work with the [Tennis](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/master/docs/Learning-Environment-Examples.md#tennis) environment.

![Trained Agent][image1]

In this environment, two agents control rackets to bounce a ball over a net. If an agent hits the ball over the net, it receives a reward of +0.1.  If an agent lets a ball hit the ground or hits the ball out of bounds, it receives a reward of -0.01.  Thus, the goal of each agent is to keep the ball in play.

The observation space consists of 8 variables corresponding to the position and velocity of the ball and racket. Each agent receives its own, local observation.  Two continuous actions are available, corresponding to movement toward (or away from) the net, and jumping. 

The task is episodic, and in order to solve the environment, your agents must get an average score of +0.5 (over 100 consecutive episodes, after taking the maximum over both agents). Specifically,

- After each episode, we add up the rewards that each agent received (without discounting), to get a score for each agent. This yields 2 (potentially different) scores. We then take the maximum of these 2 scores.
- This yields a single **score** for each episode.

The environment is considered solved, when the average (over 100 episodes) of those **scores** is at least +0.5.

### Getting Started

1. Download the environment from one of the links below.  You need only select the environment that matches your operating system:
    - Linux: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P3/Tennis/Tennis_Linux.zip)
    - Mac OSX: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P3/Tennis/Tennis.app.zip)
    - Windows (32-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P3/Tennis/Tennis_Windows_x86.zip)
    - Windows (64-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P3/Tennis/Tennis_Windows_x86_64.zip)
    
    (_For Windows users_) Check out [this link](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/827218/how-to-determine-whether-a-computer-is-running-a-32-bit-version-or-64) if you need help with determining if your computer is running a 32-bit version or 64-bit version of the Windows operating system.

    (_For AWS_) If you'd like to train the agent on AWS (and have not [enabled a virtual screen](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/master/docs/Training-on-Amazon-Web-Service.md)), then please use [this link](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P3/Tennis/Tennis_Linux_NoVis.zip) to obtain the "headless" version of the environment.  You will **not** be able to watch the agent without enabling a virtual screen, but you will be able to train the agent.  (_To watch the agent, you should follow the instructions to [enable a virtual screen](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/master/docs/Training-on-Amazon-Web-Service.md), and then download the environment for the **Linux** operating system above._)

2. Place the file in the DRLND GitHub repository, in the `p3_collab-compet/` folder, and unzip (or decompress) the file. 

### Instructions

Follow the instructions in `Tennis.ipynb` to get started with training your own agent!  


### Setup

#### Dependencies
Easy
* `conda env create -f environment.yml`
* activate conda environment

Step by step
* See the README at the root of this repository for setup instructions
README.md . Note that the dependency version requirement for pytorch was removed because the dependencies would not resolve otherwise. 

## Run training
* Launch the jupyter notebook `Tennis.ipynb`
* Run notebook

## Saved models
* Saved models are located in /models.  Because there are two agents, there are to saved policies.  Each has an actor, critic, and optimizer saved.
